Week 1

---

1. What did you do yesterday?
2. What will you do today?
3. What is blocking your progress?

---
Tuesday  9/5/23

Chelsea:

1. Tested running angular project + figuring out why certain component wouldnt appearing
2. Initialized front end registration-form angular component + deciding how the user will
 interact w it ex. as a popup after clicking a buttton
3. Waiting for desktop code to be pushed so I can test the layout of a button + UI

Jarrod:
1. Add mongodb to EC2 instance and test.
2. Configure nginx server to point to newly created angular build. As well as fixing a bug in angular preventing the use of html templates.
3. The blocker for this was the bug preventing html templates to display. After fixing this, the server was up and running well.

---
Thursday  9/7/23

Chelsea:

1. Pushed code for registration form component 
2. Today I read up on MongoDB and AWS network connectivity documentation to get the db going. I created a resource folder for mongodb scripts
for resue and am working on getting that linked on the serverside so we can start testing recipes + user data. 
3. Blocker is learning AWS + db functionality. 

Jarrod:
1. Configure nginx server to point to angular buld. Fix html templates not displaying in angular
2. Look into recipe APIs for one that is java compatiable and works with our team's strategy
3. The main blocker for this is finding APIs that have a resonable free option to choose from.

---
Saturday  9/9/23

Chelsea:

1. Yesterday I worked on getting MongoDB connected to the AWs instance. 
2. Today I'm creating schemas for our db tables (ingredients, recipes, users). I want to get the frontend to pop up so I can test
a new registration form. 
3. Blockers is learning mongodb + AWS connectivity. I'm still figuring out serverside communication. Running angular for the
 frontend has been failing so need to research why certain components not appearing. Something with the compiler and going to test that by swithcing
 out properties in tsconfig.app.json
